OSDOCS-11158: adds image mode to MicroShift install (#80599)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rhel-image-mode-csi-vgcleanup.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-rhel-image-mode.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-rhel-image-mode-csi-vgcleanup_{context}"]
= Cleaning up container storage for the bootc image and the {microshift-short} CSI

You can remove an additional LVM volume group loop device that was shared with the container and used by the {microshift-short} Logical Volume Manager (LVM) Container Storage Interface (CSI).

.Prerequisites

* A {op-system-base-full} 9.4 host with an active Red Hat subscription for building {microshift-short} bootc images and running containers.
* You are logged into the {op-system} 9.4 host using the user credentials that have `sudo` permissions.

.Procedure

. Clean up the loop device and additional volume group by using the following commands:
+
.. Detach the loop device by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo losetup -d "${VGLOOP}"

Reviewer: This is the response I get from above command

sudo losetup -f "${VGFILE}"
losetup: /var/lib/microshift-lvm-storage.img: failed to set up loop device: No such file or directory

[redhat@microshift-dev ~]$ echo "${VGFILE}"
/var/lib/microshift-lvm-storage.img

Reviewer 2: This is the deletion section, so it looks like your file does not exist. 
Check using `ls` please.

Reviewer: tagged in the wrong spot.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-rhel-image-mode.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-rhel-image-mode-csi-vgcleanup_{context}"]
= Cleaning up container storage for the bootc image and the {microshift-short} CSI

You can remove an additional LVM volume group loop device that was shared with the container and used by the {microshift-short} Logical Volume Manager (LVM) Container Storage Interface (CSI).

.Prerequisites

* A {op-system-base-full} 9.4 host with an active Red Hat subscription for building {microshift-short} bootc images and running containers.

> * You are logged into the {op-system} 9.4 host using the user credentials that have SUDO permissions configured.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You are logged into the {op-system} 9.4 host using the user credentials that have root access permissions configured.
```
